DOCSP-31213 - streaming config (#183)
mongodb/docs-spark-connector: source/streaming-mode/streaming-read.txt

.. _streaming-read-from-mongodb: 

===================================
Read from MongoDB in Streaming Mode
===================================

.. toctree::
   :caption: Streaming Read Configuration Options

   /streaming-mode/streaming-read-config

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol 

Overview
--------

> When reading a stream from a MongoDB database, the {+connector-long+} supports both 
> *micro-batch processing* and 
> *continuous processing*. Micro-batch processing is the default processing engine, while
> continuous processing is an experimental feature introduced in 
> Spark version 2.3. To learn 
> more about continuous processing, see the `Spark documentation <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/structured-streaming-programming-guide.html#continuous-processing>`__.

Reviewer: I got a little confused when reading this overview. I think splitting it up a little more and maybe adding a tiny bit more detail would help. On my first read through I thought micro-batch processing was experimental then got confused why you linked to continuous. Maybe some kind of structure like...

```suggestion
When reading a stream from a MongoDB database, the {+connector-long+} supports both 
**micro-batch processing** and 
**continuous processing**. Micro-batch processing is the default processing engine <that does XYZ>.
Continuous processing is an experimental feature introduced in 
Spark version 2.3 <that does XYZ>. To learn more about continuous processing, see the `Spark documentation <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/structured-streaming-programming-guide.html#continuous-processing>`__.
```

.. include:: /includes/fact-read-from-change-stream

.. tabs-drivers::

   tabs:

>      - id: java-sync

Reviewer: Is there a reason the content in these tabs aren't separated into includes files like the batch files are? I think it's fine to keep for this PR, but might be useful to have a ticket for sometime down the line to split these out

Author: agreed. it was like this when i got here.
